well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today
we're just kind of catching up on
september
and seeing what everybody wants to talk
about hello
so do i sound okay
give me a sound check that'd be great
good okay all right let me get this out
to everybody
and
uh
can't hear crickets tonight no no i'm
actually inside
i can't do this these from the shop it's
too far away
so we end up doing this stuff
inside
well thank you adam
and thank you lisa f
audio's going well okay good
yeah thank you oh darn
so i had a whole bunch of people tell me
that i never do these on the weekend so
here we are sadly i don't actually
really have much to talk about
i mean other than everything that's
going on today
so we're we're just kind of hanging out
yeah it's definitely entertaining
yesterday though the
the little fell flotilla that went on
the mic seems hot
it's funny i had one of those uh
high-end headsets
and uh nobody could hear me
this is like an eight dollar one from
walmart and it apparently does better
which is funny
but
fox is having an internal war yeah it's
entertaining
i want to talk about the observed boat
people in the panhandle
you know i don't see many trump flags
around here i don't know where these
people live
um let's talk about labor day
no i'm going to do a uh an episode
on labor day for labor day so i don't
want to ruin that thank you michael z
um
they're underwater yeah that's uh that
is what it is right there
thank you james wesley thank you buddy
need more voices like yours yes we do
there should be more uh
you know everybody can start a youtube
channel
um and people will be able to reach
people that others can't uh so i mean i
think that's a
i think it's a good thing they live in
my neighborhood in pensacola
lots and lots of flags and yards and
pensacola really
i figured that phil air would be
just kind of wiping the floor with him
out there i really kind of saw him
getting a
big lead out there that's that's
surprising
let's talk about the book yes we will
bring that up in fact i'll go ahead and
do that now
um thank you anthony okay so if you
don't know
um we have a book on the way with two
really
one is a thank you wc wright
and oh darn check out table rock lake
in missouri the boat people showed up
great uh
we have two coming out one is on
community networking and one is on
civics
um and it's basically going to go
through all of the
would you be all of the founding
documents of the us
the civics book would you recommend
living in florida or
texas if you are a lefty
i mean
if everybody of a certain ideological
makeup just goes to one area and lives
there
keith davies i'm not getting prettier no
i'm not no
um you're kind of abandoning people
it's kind of like surrender and i don't
want to give up florida
i like florida
uh thank you monica larger boat sank
smaller boats
yeah of course i mean that's that's the
whole nature of our current system it's
a perfect analogy
blame antifa not their bad choices thank
you john c thank you jennifer godfrey
thank you rdx david nunez's cow
lake county deputy and alleges
executioner gang nominates compton
sheriff station that doesn't surprise me
that's been going on out there a long
time
thank you old man your thoughts on in
fact yesterday
um i actually didn't get to see it and i
haven't talked to
i know somebody who was there um
covering it and i haven't talked to him
yet
so i don't really know i don't have an
opinion i don't even know what happened
really
um
like 71 percent of this northwest
florida county voted for 45
yeah i don't know that that's gonna
repeat
um but we'll see i don't know
have you heard of the local community
network discord server made by
mermaid four people of the fifth column
i've seen the comment i haven't checked
it out
um in fact i'm sure that communalist is
going to be here
at some point to remind me that i
haven't been to my discord server in
like
three weeks um
thank you keith porsche thanks for
helping my 74 year old conservative
republican veteran father realize he
wasn't
thank you andrew walker why trump
supporters always look
blame black for crimes protests and
looting uh want to get the black boat
i'm wondering if
why the black supporters are really
supporting trump in higher numbers i
don't know that they are
i don't know that that's true um
i i think our polling is less than
accurate this year in a couple of
different ways i think they're trying to
overcompensate for what happened last
year
assuming that there was some large
failure
um let's see
dark energy thank you um or
last year last election um because
people keep saying
the polls were off the polls were off
they really weren't most were within the
margin of error
so i don't know that the polls are
are incredibly accurate right now
thank you 10 4 6 9.
i think there's a i think there's a
habit on the side of the pollsters to
try to make
it more
to try to compensate for what they
perceive as a failure last time and i
don't think there was one
thank you sway ls let's talk about the
pictures
of the body cameras on the cops who shot
yeah the fact that that's still ongoing
and they still haven't resolved that
after this amount of time i have a
feeling that
that's going to be one of those
situations that it's even worse than
what we're thinking
um if you want to be honest that's kind
of why
i've talked about it mentioned it a few
times but judging by law enforcement's
reaction to everything
it's probably even worse than everything
we know um
thank you hudap for life chris
fields can you do the world a favor and
run for office
um yeah no
no i think i am i think i'm much
better i think i'm more effective doing
this um
because i don't in order to win i would
have to go to an area
where people with progressive ideas
would vote for me and and
that isn't going to do any good they
already know
um i don't know that it's actually
would be helpful thank you debbie rising
you're a breath of fresh air you've
become part of my daily routine thank
you for
thank you thank you dem studios what
skills can i learn to
enter to security field without the
military
um okay yeah so a second language is
pretty much
necessary you're gonna need to do that
and then
look for something that isn't common
and that could be computer related
skills it could be being a pilot fixed
wing or rotary um
anything like that that will give you an
edge if you have
skills outside of what is typically
considered
security oriented and you want to do it
you're actually pretty likely to get
hired because there aren't a lot of
people most people get into it and then
they develop those skills
walking in with them would help you get
there
do you agree with david pakman that
biden's cognitive decline is
russia propaganda um
he's older he's going to have some
decline do i think it's as severe
as the trump campaign is making it out
to be no
um do i think it's non-existent no
um so i i don't i don't know
i don't know exactly what pacman said um
i do know that it was
there was an effort to push that
narrative
by russian intelligence at least
our intelligence says there was so i
mean whether or not you want to believe
that that's up to you
but it seems it seems likely
that uh
it seems likely that there was some kind
of operation to push that narrative
um
okay jennifer thank you jennifer what
are your thoughts
on the people's party i watched the
convention i thought it was cool
i don't think it's going to have any
immediate impact i think it needs four
years to actually
produce any results if they want it to
work if they want it to matter
they're going to have to spend the next
four years acting
like they're a major party
thank you t francient
thank you adam board have you done or
can you do a video about ranked choice
voting
i i think i've mentioned it i don't know
that i've done one specifically on it
oh darn thank you for non-judgmental
pics
in your comment section be louder
elizabeth whetstone thank you rdx david
newman
yes cow thank you i think centrist
just want to be scared of russia
um i think they're capitalizing on an
old fear
but russia china and the u.s
are going to be engaged in espionage
encounter and espionage and intelligence
and counterintelligence
um because they're the world powers that
so it's not that this stuff isn't
happening
it's that we really shouldn't be
surprised that it is more than
anything every major power
tries to do this to every other power in
fact every power tries to influence
another
election what matters is not that other
countries are trying to influence our
election
it's that we may have had instances
where our candidates knowingly accepted
that help which means they were beholden
to them
especially if the foreign intelligence
service can prove they accepted that
help
um thank you kevin roach wanted to say
hi
in person and say thank you i apologize
for any confusion but it confused me
just as much as well
i'm not and now i'm confused i don't
know what
uh how intense do you think the dispute
over the election results will get
depends on how decisive they are if
trump
suffers a resounding defeat i think
that'll be the end of it if it's close i
think it's going to drag on
if he wins i think there will probably
be more violence
than if he lost um because i think his
supporters will be even more emboldened
d-123 thank you anna la thank you
thoughts getting ambushed in portland um
okay so the task force that that i
understand that went after him
generally speaking they're pretty good
um so
unless there's been significant changes
within the last four years which there
very well
may have been um
i i i think we're going to find out that
it wasn't really an ambush that he was
that he was going to resist
i don't know that but i'm just going off
of that particular task force's
reputation
we'll see at the same time
i don't know that i don't understand why
that task force was tasked with him
it doesn't really fit the criteria that
they're normally
assigned so unless there's something we
don't know so i
there there's a there's a couple of
things about that that bother me
um the end result i think was kind of
predicted
i think that i think at the end of the
day
i think he was ready to go and i don't
think that he was going to be taken
but that's just me i don't really ha
that's just gut
i don't have anything to really base
that on
thank you cambrie oh elaine thank you
katie campbell
thank you julie pemberton
no question my father taught me to
always find a way to compensate a
teacher
thank you um robert v
have you ever tried biohacking are there
any scientist researchers in your
community circle do you have any
thoughts on setting up
local community testing for future
pandemics
that's outside of my range um i could
help with the logistics of that as far
as biohacking stuff
for there was a documentary documentary
that ford worked on ford fisher about
transhumanism and he's really big into
that if
you wanted more on that topic i'd follow
him
because it's something that he really he
really follows
i don't know if he does it but he's
definitely interested in the topic
oh darn thank you i got it okay
uh
thank you minx what can i say this is i
look forward to you dropping
some knowledge on me daily and your
voice freezing keep it up love from
australia thank you
thank you matt what will the u.s look
like in five years
if donald trump is reelected it's going
to be a mess
i think that if he gets reelected i
honestly believe that we're
going to have a severely authoritarian
regime and then we will have a pendulum
swing back the other direction
and i i don't think that it will be good
i think it i think it'll be a mess
do you think the nfl will honestly
follow suit with other sports
affiliations
on social justice awareness or is it
just more
yeah it's probably just pr um
they've had a long time to do this but
then again maybe there's catching up to
the fact that times are changing
it's hard to make predictions like that
about large organizations
um
i i given their
their stance in the past i would suggest
that it's it's just pr
but i mean maybe they finally had a
change of heart
thank you debbie smith ever thought
about moving
out of the company uh yeah once or twice
but again i don't i don't want to
surrender
i'm not the one who sucked they can
leave they saw
uh thank you cole hart
just high and hope you and yours are
holding up okay
let's see thank you germa reid
thoughts on groups like deacons for
defense
to protect black communities from those
looking to do us
i am a big proponent of civil defense
groups
of any kind in fact i have a video
in which it's literally nothing from
it's nothing but answering questions
from black americans who are setting one
up
the difference between doing it for your
community and
doing it as a solely for a black
community is the rules you have to play
by
if you are doing it for a black
community
and it's openly for that you you've got
to be 100 percent
you you have a lot more rules you have
to follow at all times because they're
gonna be looking for a reason to come
after you
um i think it's a good thing but the
people involved have to understand the
risks
uh thank you jay graham did you hear
about abbott's response to austin city
airmen trying to he's considering
absorbing austin petey
into the state yeah
uh it's in the south he can probably do
that um
any recommendations on books about the a
word emma goldman
um that's probably within the law
in texas for him to be able to do that
now
i'm not sure how
how effective it would be because state
laws if they're state police
they can they're not going to be able to
enforce city ordinances
so i i don't i don't know how effective
that would be but it's probably
something he can do
uh martial the faithful thank you
anything people outside the states can
do
uh yeah be ready to accept refugees
um i don't i
i go back and forth i i tend to believe
that people are good
so i i like to hope that things are
going to get better
so i would like to suggest onto a day
like today when i'm
i'm very optimistic i would suggest hey
you know work on your own community and
we'll we'll meet in the middle once we
get all of this sorted out here
you know tomorrow i may be thinking
something else
thank you late customer
thank you stephen james
thank you matt do you think there are
moles within the organization
i don't know which organization you're
talking about but the answer is
probably um there normally
are thank you andre
andre just want to take this opportunity
thank you for what you do do you think
we can have proper police reform without
ending the drug war
i think we can start but if you want to
complete it the drug war has to end
um that's the source of a lot of
policing for profit
it's a source of a lot of the
militarization without ending that
it's it's going to be a lot harder
uh m1 authoritarian regime coming either
way
maybe maybe
john whitson what do you think of
african
american exodus to africa i don't i
don't necessarily think it's a good idea
i think that that's going to reinforce a
lot of
a lot of the problems at some point
humanity is going to have to get past
this now i mean i can understand
individuals wanting to do it because
they don't want to be the one dealing
with it and
i guess that makes sense to me um you
know it's easy for me to say no stick it
out when it's not me
who's being targeted i think that
i think it's something we're going to
have to address so
whether it's an hour 100 years from now
samuel barrow thank you let's talk about
the history and hypocrisy of cuban
americans who vote republican
that could be a topic but i would you
know there there are actually some cuban
youtubers that i think they should
handle that
i try to stay within my lane
but there's definitely a historical
issue at play there
um thank you brian scotto
thank you for the daily dose of reason i
try
uh i thank you randia
randy elena any thoughts on how to
prepare
my teenagers for november the tribalism
in high school
is terrifying i would suggest treating
high school like you treat
prison keep your head down and don't get
involved
while you're there if you're in a deep
red state i
wouldn't i don't think it would be
beneficial for your kids to be
publicly very active
um because they're just going to make
themselves targets
at that point there's a lot of group
think and i don't know
have them get their political experience
outside of that school
would be my advice thank you tony t
crazy question i've moved around to
various states it feels like the u.s
should be
like the eu instead of one country there
are just fundamental disagreements that
don't
seem to be solvable i can definitely
understand that
um and that's really how we were
supposed to be set up
but your joke's on us i guess
michelle robin thank you
joseph granny thank you i'm socially
conservative person who holds
economically left this
positions how can economic leftists
of different social views work together
i'm
i think i get what you're saying um
you're gonna have to decide what's more
important and again people don't have to
agree on everything to work together
you can you can you can disagree on some
topics
and still be allies on others um it's
that whole
bus concept you know you're riding with
the bus a certain point thank you keith
davies
thank you tom ashley your thoughts on
the future of the lincoln project
if trump is defeated i think those
people will become the
republican leaders
i think the lincoln project will become
the soul of the republican party because
they will be seen as the ones who can
get it back on track
thank you mta mtl artist
i don't hunt or carry but i sh
shoot three gun i haven't shot this year
ammo
is too expensive if available does the
run on ammunition concern you
and why no it doesn't one because i
don't own
two because if things get bad there will
be plenty around
during a conflict you will run out of
food water medicine and everything else
you will never run out of ammo
and weapons nike chris fields
youtube lawyer by the name of legal
eagle has had enough with trump
administration's dodges and is suing the
white house doj and cia for john
bolton's book
not being brought to the impeachment
processes
well that's interesting uh i hope it
works out
i mean that's that's a unique way of
going about it
thank you blade and brush first time
you're here please keep the good fight
uh have a little hope for my
four-year-old daughter today
robin d thank you could you share why
yeah you know there's a whole
there's a whole video on that um i was
never accused of that or
charged with that that was that's
that comes from a blog that somebody put
out because i wouldn't interview them
that's why it's anonymous most of the
stuff in there if you follow it none of
it checks out
just fact check it i mean that that
would be my advice
so there's a uh
there there's a grain of truth to it i
was working for a company
and there was a smuggling aspect that
got brought up
but as far as the allegations in that
blog none of them are true
and if you follow the links and
everything
you'll see it wasn't even ever alleged
much less
charged or convicted of it
let's see thank you whisperer zeta
you think they'll be a big october
surprise this year there always is
i have no clue what it would be though
thank you kelly hudson
thank you carl shoemaker the lincoln
party is a great idea
let there be an end to the republican
party
thank you step cat
have you read fascism what it is and how
to fight it by trotsky
i have not i have not i'm familiar with
uh
a title like that i think that's the one
people were talking about i haven't read
it now
um
thank you adriana
proud's busy but says we
we have events that are in planning and
we need
more patreon discord support and you
meaning me need to show up and by the
way adriana is the person that does the
disney princess
uh shirts that i've been wearing lately
thank you thank you t
perez uh glad i saw this so i could send
you another twenty dollars
you're still always worth it and i'm
using it to try to subvert or educate
local people in the community yeah
good i like it large scale community
building that's
yes absolutely
thank you audrey kane
thank you edward miller bo we never miss
an episode and sometimes watch them over
over again i hope this and a wooden
nickel will get you a cup of coffee
uh
thank you all of this stuff goes into
hopefully making the channel better um
the reason like
and i'll get to this here in a second
but we're going to talk about what the
patreon
supporters have been able to accomplish
um
and we're we're we're you're about to
see a pretty big uptick
in the amount of content and the variety
and the different platforms and all
kinds of stuff
caleb bricks thank you hello why not
bernie
uh if you're asking me personally i
don't endorse politicians as a rule
um i i i endorse policies
if you're talking about the country and
the democratic party why did they go
with
biden over bernie they showed up to vote
i actually don't think this time i don't
think it was stolen
i think that the
the center democrats showed up to vote
in bigger numbers
um
let's see
have i where's my keys
cheers thank you
steven weaver thank you skunky love
thank you 303 yeah i like it um
seth wade lunch with one pass
and one living um
that's hard i
i don't i'm gonna have to come back to
that i don't know i may turn that into a
video
i have no clue i've never really thought
questions like that i've never really
put much thought into
thank you chris fields rudy giuliani
says blm
is marxist or fascist but apparently
heartbeat bills are not
i think he's lost the plot um
i don't
i think people when you hear marxist or
fascist or whatever
most people don't actually know what
they are
and this is going to be the subject of
an upcoming video
um but i i don't i think there's a whole
lot
of people who really when they say this
what they say is
what they're saying is i'm afraid of
authoritarianism
and which is yeah that's good
but label it correctly and understand
authoritarianism can occur under any
system
569 [ __ ] glad i caught you
live thanks for what you do thank you
meredith donohue
thank you absolutely love your videos so
glad i finally caught a live stream keep
on putting the truth out there we need
this i will keep doing this as long as i
can
dan power thank you if trump loses do
you see
standing republicans doing some major
back pedaling or playing yeah
oh yeah huge
kay austin thank you i think some the
older ones will retire and the younger
ones will try to
uh try to remake their image
um thank you david devin nunez's cow
wow you don't think obama calling
everyone to drop out the night before
is not screwing over i don't i don't i
think it had to do with people not
showing up to vote if that if
if that had happened the endorsements
wouldn't matter um
some guy camping can i get some good
news i had an argument with my sister
and now she's looking up
proof on why trump is a better choice
than biden
some good news uh so i was talking to my
five-year-old he overheard
well i wasn't talking to him he
overheard me explaining the the
conspiracies
uh around the public health crisis and
he's like so everybody all over the
world is lying
to make sure one person loses their job
they're probably pretty bad at their
job so
i mean look at it that way sean brewer
thank you hibo any advice on getting my
wife
to be open to owning a firearm she's
decided that she's afraid of them after
growing up in a house with an
ar-15 i want but one
but she likes being in charge
um yeah i got nothing um
i i'm assuming she's fired one if she
grew up in a house with one
i don't i don't know maybe talk about
putting it in a safe
maybe you know i
i don't know and i'm i'm one of those
people
that believes that if you
if you aren't certain you want one if
you aren't certain that you're going to
train with it
if you aren't certain of what it's
really there for not get one
um so
let's see if if you want one and she
doesn't i would definitely talk about
uh i would talk about securing it
i think that would be your best way to
go about it
ael in any one
you're watching the nba playoffs i i'm
not i'm not um
i don't i don't really have i don't
watch much sports
at all to be honest um
am1 when do you think everyone will
realize the two-party system is a scam
i don't know i mean it's been going on a
couple hundred years so i'm not real
hopeful in that
meeting uh thank you
cara griffith saying hello from new york
city appreciate your content thank you
carl shoemaker thank you skipped a cup
of coffee
and gave you five dollars thank you i
appreciate that
um okay
are we catching out comer parks thank
you
lady addis thank you do you think the
actual
alt-right fascist contenders in the u.s
will recede if trump loses the election
yes um
i think they'll realize they don't have
popular support
they're not going to go away i
understand they've been here a very long
time and they will continue to be here
but i think that they will be more
selective in the recruitment and i think
with a different administration a lot of
the stuff that they have done
is actually is actually illegal at the
federal level
and it hasn't been charged yet because
we don't have a doj who
who cares and we don't have an
administration pushing for it if there
was an administration
that was serious about taking it on
then you might get movement in the in
that regard because there's a lot of
stuff
that the way federal law works
if you and i know that billy is going to
go do something
and have helped him even the slightest
bit and billy goes and does it
we're guilty um and those type of
those type of charges i haven't seen
those leveled
and they've got 10 years to do it from
the date of incident in most of them so
i
i do think that i think they will go
back underground they won't disappear
though
see rusty braids what would a harris
presidency look like to you i don't know
i don't know
i don't know i don't know how she would
be
at the federal level you know there's a
big difference between state politics
and
and local politics or federal politics
so i'm not sure
i don't know how she would be
thank you jacob b opinions on orgs like
the sra or john brown
they're generally they're good i mean
you know they're all localized so
some you're gonna find that are bad like
as far as the makeup of the people in
them but from what i have seen most of
them
are more effective at all of the things
the nra is supposed to do
than the nra is
thank you shira just want to show my
appreciation bo your channel
has been a mental anchor against the
craziness
thank you uh
thank you matt good friend in florida
has told me dade and broward are going
blue
it is possible um
i don't i don't know that i would say
they're going to but i definitely think
it's a possibility
i'm i think alachua
might i think the one around
jacksonville might i think pensacola
might
but again i don't know i know that the
one
bay county in panama city is kind of
leaning that way because of trump's
failed response due to the hurricane
but we'll we'll see we'll see how much
they remember on
election day thank you good citizen
would you consider the smear campaigns
against bernie to be a form of stealing
it from him
now that's politics um
that's that's politics i i don't
i understand that
i understand that this isn't right but
it's the way it is at the end of the day
i don't see any voting irregularities so
what that means is more people showed up
who wanted biden than one of bernie
um so
i mean it's and i i don't know why
i don't know if they really believed
that biden was more electable i don't
know if they just wanted to move back to
center and get status quo
i have no idea why that happened
thank you wesley g election prediction
first
first results show trump winning he will
declare victory melons counted and
yeah that's that's a that's actually
like
that's a worst case scenario that the
in-person voting shows trump winning and
then the melon ballots come in and biden
actually wins
that's the worst case scenario because
that is one of those things that could
spark violence
um i hope that that doesn't occur
because that that that would be a real
concern to me
uh thank you kevin fischer thank you
unit number 5150
how and what election cycle to stop the
lesser of two evils voting
um i think we're a long way off from
that to be honest
i i think that because the power is so
entrenched at the top you are going to
continue to get candidates
for at least the presidency that are
not really what you want you're voting
against something rather than for it
if you want to stop that you have to get
people in the establishment of these
parties
or create a viable third party and that
takes running people
at the base levels like the house and
and
letting them move up through the
establishment
uh thank you muffin hydra
when trump loses i will get myself a big
bag of popcorn greetings from germany
currently watching the fall of the roman
empire live
yeah i'm i'm i'm hoping to do a live
stream
election night and just just ride it out
with
everybody thank you bad pirate monkey
uh a boy from that chatty pirate monkey
and her awesome dog
thank you kyle green you started this
channel burning
your son's shoes yeah i started watching
the channel after
you did start the channel as a spoof
okay so yeah this this whole thing
started as a joke
some of my colleagues who didn't know
that i had an accent found out i had an
accent
and they encouraged me to start a
channel yeah it was generally supposed
to be a joke and then i realized that
because i had an accent
the the social commentary went a lot
further
with the target demographics and it
became more and more serious that's also
why if you go to the back to the very
beginning especially those that are just
on facebook
i'm really playing up my accent
and now i'm not but no i definitely did
not expect it to blow up
like this like that this this was this
was a side project
that was supposed to be a hobby and
something fun for me to do
um it just turned out to be way more
effective
than anything i intentionally did which
is
kind of sad but also good so
richard hutton thank you i feel like one
of the best ideas you highlight
on your channel get lost in the amount
of content you create
um i feel that way too
at times you know you never know
the uh you never know which videos are
gonna pop viral and nine times out of
ten what i've realized
the ones that get the most reach are the
ones that
are not really hitting the deeper topics
but at the same time i've realized that
those that get the most reach bring
people to the channel and then
eventually they watch the deeper topics
that's why
you'll see me cover the same topic over
and over again in different ways
to reach the the people who had just
subscribed to the channel
uh thank you slr wondering if y'all
are prepper peppers i'm assuming that's
preppers
uh i think a large portion of the people
who watch this channel do prepare i do
not think they're preppers in the sense
that like dump uh
bunkers and you know 600 years of food
and stuff
like that but i think most people have a
a bug out bag of some kind
at least i hope so uh robert appleton
thank you
i share some of your videos thank you
for saying the things
i'm too intelligent to send currently to
say
uh yeah you know it's easy when you're
old and just don't care anymore
uh thank you cheryl d
uh thank you colleen mcintyre
thank you stephen weaver your thoughts
on the recent military polling
as a polling nerd it gives me hope of a
solid biden win
long time listener first time caller um
the military has been slow to change its
mind overall
but this started when trump sold out the
kurds
that's when the spec ops community was
like we're done with this guy and there
it slowly
moved through the regular military
the non-special operations military um
and then this latest thing was just
icing on the cake
anybody that was on the fence i think
that decided it for him
but when he abandoned the kurds that is
when you had
green berets sills rangers all of these
people who had worked with the
with them for years they were done with
him
it was overnight for me a lot of my
friends
were supporters of trump the next day
they they weren't they were done with
him and they didn't there was nothing
that he could do to win them back at
that point
and they all talk and it moved through
the military from
there that was really the turning point
um
thank you leonie rose
thank you brian valley i truly
appreciate you and your service to the
community thank you for continuing to
speak
logic i love to learn and learning each
time i listen or read your content thank
you
thank you random thoughtism thank you j
dub
howdy bow oakland california here what's
your thoughts on joe
20. i'm assuming that's about jorgensen
um again the this election
i don't think any realistically
i don't think any
party is going to play a significant
impact
with the exception of maybe jorgensen
only
because there are a lot of republicans
who will refuse to vote democrat
whatsoever but they really don't want to
vote for trump so
the votes may go there um i i think
that's
i think that's it
uh let's see anthony m thank you
do you think things could go sideways
and people might have to consider
drastic resistant measures like
french partisan i mean that's always a
possibility
um i don't like to focus on that because
i
i don't want to say we're not near it um
i don't like to focus on that i like to
remind people there are other options
there are other ways to go about it if
that happens it is what it is
um and it's it's not going to be good uh
thank you arg
rth you always talk about manuals at
archive.org
can you recommend any in particular
thanks for your videos you always seem
to call me um
so if you go to the military manual
section to the field manual section what
you will find
out is they have manuals on everything
now like me from a if you're talking
about being prepared for things to go
bad
yeah get the survival manual um the the
nbc or
c burn manual um
the there's filled medicine
um and then like there's one like
soldiers basic tasks and that like the
ranger manual
read those and that'll that'll at least
give you a
a base of knowledge to work from um
and then anything you're interested in
understand they have manuals on
carpentry
and you know small engine repair it's
really an amazing resource for
non-fiction
people overlook it because it's from the
military though
and that website is archive.org for
anybody who
is curious uh thank you lisa f i look
forward to your videos every day
you are my favorite channel thank you um
rp geek thank you
odds the country survives the next year
intact i'm going to say better than 50
percent
um
thoughts on critical race theory and its
accuracy on addressing the problems it
claims to solve
okay crt is there to give context
that's really what it is i think people
are misusing it
it is there to give context to paint a
narrative it's not
to show why things may occur
i did a video about this topic earlier
this
morning and i didn't realize that crt
was the hot button
issue for the other side
at the end of the day it's a way of
evaluating policies and
showing them in a light that most people
wouldn't
see and i i would say that's good half
this channel is providing context
when it is used in that manner yeah it's
a good thing
context is always good
some guy camping thank you this is not
for me
considering trump won by the house
last time and not the popular vote
do you think he will win the house
again um
i don't know i a lot of the states
that he won by he's not doing well in so
i'm not sure
uh thank you spike love i'm having some
text for you
he instilled myself awesome
thanks for the kind words to the trans
community big hugs awesome thank you
that is that is one of the best kinds
sadly i live in a state where i really
can't do that
um you can do wine but but can't go
beyond that
can't boil anything they get really mad
down here
um a key chris field so blm
is marxist but the unite right rally
it's very fine people
i don't understand some of the some of
the cognitive dissonance that comes from
him i really don't
thank you david devin nunez's cow do you
see a conflict of
interest with the mainstream media and
the democratic party leaders like tom
perez
um the fact that a whole bunch of rich
people know each other
and support each other that's not that
is what it is
um i mean you can find connections like
that between trump and clinton
i don't i don't foresee it as
a huge conflict of interest because i
don't really expect much from corporate
media
um i really don't i don't
i don't go out of my way to trash them
but there's a reason that i don't do it
anymore
so
thank you otis b no one should ever have
to experience racism
fact thank you skeppel yt
thank you for inviting us to your
mindset
thank you griffin fuller big fan from
oak park illinois
have your political societal beliefs
changed over time oh absolutely
absolutely i mean in 2000 i've you know
six foot two red white and blue you know
um
i was always anti-authoritarian but
my views on what that meant changed
drastically over time
um my social beliefs
they really haven't i've always
i've always believed in the most freedom
for the most people
you know um so i don't
i i don't see many of my social beliefs
that have changed
it's more about how they interact with
the government
has this world is it still fun uh yeah
i love this i do
samuel barrow could article one section
15 18 of the constitution be used to
call militia groups who do not follow
those guidelines illegal
also you should go over the history of
cuba american relationship
um i don't think so
i don't think
because that's a i think that that's
going to be
viewed like when you get into it i think
it's going to be being
viewed more as a standard but
since it is a the right of the people
um yeah i
i don't know that's that would be one
that
i would be interested in watching the
arguments over
um
pauline c thank you as a transsexual i'm
finding myself lean more towards being a
conservative am i going crazy with this
trump president depends on what you mean
by conservative
um there there's a lot
there's a lot that that could mean if if
you're
leaning towards supporting trump i would
seriously reevaluate some of his
positions i would go back through
and look at what he does why he does it
when he does it
um and
and go through that um
and take a look i do not feel that most
trans people
would support trump based on policy and
action
dave you have an accent i do um
ricky the great one thank you why
haven't you spoken openly
clearly about ideal international policy
for example your view on international
borders
the i did a video on this
the argument on interstate law really
changed my mind on that issue
oh you're talking about why haven't i i
got you
um i don't think
so my ideal world i understand it's six
or seven generations off
like it's going to take a while to get
there i don't
see
at the end of the day in order to get
there you have to go through a whole lot
of things that people today hold
as as as sacred when you talk about
those societies where you're talking
about
ultimate freedom and statelessness and
all of this stuff
that means things like the american flag
don't mean anything anymore
and that's something that would really
terrify a lot of people
um so i don't see i don't see the value
in saying in you know 200 years
this is where we we should probably aim
to be this is where we might be
if we do things right because a lot of
people are going to
oppose it simply based on the values of
today
which we can tell from history the
values of today are not going to be the
values of 200 years from now
so i don't see a point in in
creating an argument where there doesn't
have to be one
let's see bo what is the fifth column
okay so the fifth column is a
okay so the original story is about a a
general approaching a city
and the city has walls and he's trying
to get it to surrender and he says
i have four columns one approaching from
each direction north south east and west
and i have a fifth column inside the
open
city gates that's where the story
originates
the fifth column in the name of this
channel comes from the fifth column news
which was about gatekeeping in the media
which is where a lot of times the media
the mainstream corporate media tries to
keep certain viewpoints out
the idea was to make it more accessible
and open the gates that's where it came
from
there are a lot of people that make a
lot out of that name that isn't
really there um
let's see thank you darren dunn how much
do you think the electoral map will
change because of the recent atlantic
report
i don't know i i have no idea how much
that is going to influence voters
i know that it is influencing a certain
subset of veterans i don't know if that
is going to be enough to
change the map let's see
thank you c merritt what are your
thoughts on
the end the electoral college push
i i think it's something that is going
to happen i don't think it's going to
happen anytime
soon because we still have a rural urban
divide
which that was kind of the region it was
instituted to begin with um or one of
them
and until that's gone
basically before we get rid of the
electoral college we're going to have to
take rural
america and and uh make it a little more
progressive
we're not there yet um but i do think
over time that's something that will
happen i just don't think it's going to
happen anytime soon
hp 111. i've got a whole bag of bugs
got it
tl thank you thanks for your work i
value your balance perspective and depth
of knowledge thank you
keith davies my platoon sergeant back in
the day under clinton was an sf dude we
abandoned them then too
we are the baddies yeah
unit 5150
your thoughts on untrained people owning
an ar-15
only if they're in the process of
becoming trained
i i am i'm one of those people that
advocates personal responsibility
when it comes to this um
and yeah you you have to train if you
are not going
if you're not going to train regularly
you shouldn't own a firearm
um that's that's
yeah i i don't think there there's not
going to be anything that really changes
my view on that one
i think i'm pretty pretty well stuck in
that uh
patrick shans thank you can you do a
hist uh
maybe maybe i have to look and see if
youtube will even allow that there are
some groups you're not allowed to talk
about
that may be one not luck um
if i can i will and do it soon uh
stephen noble well from berkeley
anywhere for union history reads
man i don't
i don't have any off the top of my head
that i can give um
feisty fan thank you i don't think i
could have gone through the last six
months without your videos some sane
voice goes a long way being autoimmune
in a pandemic is lonely oh my
i bet it is um
james massey your thoughts on articles
of unity.org
third party efforts are you available
for an interview with them
uh i haven't gone through that
particular site yet
um generally i am supportive of third
parties
i think that we need them
so and am i available for an interview
with them
maybe right now because of the pandemic
um all my kids are at home
doing any kind of interview is difficult
but that may change here
very shortly towards the end of the
month
dorcas george thank you
christine thank you uh jonathan jackson
have you ever considered having a talk
with
a youtuber walsh um
i love to hear you all talk i appreciate
your videos they've helped me grow a lot
this is one that comes up a lot um
especially particularly with him i think
it's a matter of
i think people want to see us
argue and i don't know that
i don't know that that's actually what
would happen i think that this might be
very disappointing for people
i mean i'm up to talking to just about
anybody i don't do
internet debates though i don't think
that they they
produce the desired results um
thank you bill gates howdy bo am a
democrat but share similar views common
sense
well thank you uh thank you ron howell
is it time to dissolve the electoral
college
uh i i think that it's gonna happen
but i don't think it's going to happen
right now there's there's a rural urban
divide that has to be overcome
first
meredith donahue thank you from my
fiance ben
what's your recommendation for a filled
pocket manual for
northern england new england bug out bag
get the the us army survival manual it's
on archive.org or you can order it in
fact i think they actually carry this
like barnes and nobles
that's what i would put in there because
it covers everywhere
it covers all the climates now you can
get a cold weather
survival manual as well they're
available
but i would stick to u.s army film
manual simply because
they are designed to be easily
understandable
they are designed to build you from zero
knowledge
to being able to function um and they're
designed to appeal to everybody's
learning style
so that that's one of the reasons that i
i really kind of
push for them the desert scotsman do you
think our national security agencies are
monitoring fox news boards uh
i think they are but not to the level
that i think more is reactive
i think they look at it as a tool to
find the person that did it rather than
preempt it
let's see thank you vincent
thank you vinnie pop love your channel
thank you for your commentary
what are your thoughts on the tolerance
of intolerance
paradox
the whole idea behind being tolerant
is not to
um is not to bow down to anybody who
wants to espouse anything the idea
is to establish a framework where people
are treated created
created or treated equally um
ideas don't need to be treated equally
because they're not ideas aren't equal
i think that's one of the big problems
today is that people want to
compromise and that's not necessarily
the case when you're talking about
ideas i have a video let's talk about
the dangers of being a moderate
i think that might answer the question
you're asking in depth
okay thank you jasmine dudley
what are my views on cannabis um
i am against prohibition of pretty much
everything um i don't i don't smoke
um the uh
but i i don't i don't think it's a bad
thing i don't think it's immoral i don't
i think it should be uh decriminalized
um so
uh dan l values thank you for the
outstanding content thank you
katie max thank you you are truly live
live and let live and love one another
yeah
absolutely
thank you colleen mcintyre
dove05 thank you do you have a
video or can you point me to a video on
the
conquered not stolen argument that's not
an argument
not really i haven't done i haven't done
a video on it
but um
i can sum it up real quick there's this
this concept of well it was conquered so
it's okay
that's um there's no difference
between concord and stalin you know
would they say the same thing about a
home invasion probably not
well i conquered this so it's mine and
yeah that's a reduction
but even when you're talking about
things from a
long-standing historical standpoint when
you're talking about nation states
you look at ireland boskland
palestine these places there is no
historical context that suggests that
people
subject themselves to a conqueror um
voluntarily that's not a thing that it's
that argument is is is not good
uh thank you carolyn no one
thank you kedans uh
i'm a marine vet for the past four years
i have lost so many people in my life
due to politics i'm
two left or too right any thoughts on
what to do
like all of this will just get worse
um
yeah it's the polarization
is the problem there that's uh i don't
know
that the i don't know that there's going
to be an end to this anytime soon
um it's theoretically possible under
biden that we return to some form of
status quo
and if the defeat is sound enough
republicans will walk back right-wing
rhetoric and become more
center and democrats will become more
center-left
but i don't know that i would hold my
breath and wait for that
ricky the great thank you do you feel
the rise of automation will make a
stateless society impossible or
inevitable inevitable
inevitable um i think we may have to go
through
a purely capitalist stateless society
first which is not going to be good
but i see that as one scenario
not necessarily the ideal one
but it is possible
but i definitely don't think that
automation makes it impossible i think
it makes it more probable
um christine
m in phoenix they're finding unopened
mail parcels and alley what is the best
community platform to use
to offer rides to other voters i do not
know
um i do not know
and that doesn't i'll look into that i i
have a feeling that's going to be some
kind of weird
bizarre exception um
there's a lot of legal responsibility
for mail carriers
so something like that would be very
surprising to me
so i'm going to have to dig into it
joe in a box are things better or worse
than
you expected the night of the orange
and the orange manatee got elected um
this is kind of what i expected actually
this is pretty pretty on par
um i didn't expect it to be this overt
at this point but i'm glad it was
because i think it stopped it from
getting worse
i know that doesn't make sense but i
think his rhetoric may have been a
hindrance
thank you gigi perez
thank you seth if you had to tell your
great gang kids about this time period
for a school assignment
they're interviewing how do you think
you might talk about america before this
election
i have no idea it depends on what
happens between now and then
it's it would there's the possibility
that for all of its faults the america
of the 1990s
is is the pinnacle
that would be bad if that was the case
but it definitely a possibility
um or this could just be a
you know this period under trump could
just be a low point in a correction to
get into something
greater better which is what i hope it
is
hello 1814 is the atlantic report true
almost certainly almost certainly
christina reyes uh thank you for being a
clear voice and so much manufactured fog
mandy sadlow how do i respond to family
members who think
masked mandates are against their
liberties and
they should be able to be responsible
for their own health and not wear one
stop wearing pants
i understand the argument
however it's this same argument that was
used in the us
during the the great influenza um
i would show them that we went through
the same debate before
and it was those who refused to wear a
mask that really triggered the deaths of
so many people
um there's a whole bunch of different
arguments you could make and i would
also suggest
if there are those that talk about
liberty and they frame it in the
constitution
and they are people who truly
truly revere the constitution i would
suggest that wearing a mask is providing
for the common defense and promoting
the general welfare it is their
constitutional duty as
we the people to provide for the common
defense
it doesn't just mean a rifle
um seth thank you you
and the joe rogan experience any chance
you'd talk to him on
air yeah yeah
just a dude man thank you
wookie cat won't you be my neighbor
i bought you a t-shirt but do not know
where to send it
i finally got a p.o box people been
asking me for this for
literally a year and i finally have one
and i don't remember the number
i will put this out on twitter and
everywhere and i'll mention it here in a
video soon
um but yeah i finally got a po box
unit number 5150 what major youtuber
would you
like to talk with uh bailey seren
uh she does i know this completely like
out of left field
she does these uh videos where she's
putting on her makeup
and talking about true crime i'm dying
to know how she researches
um her research is incredibly good
and she weaves it into a story if you
are a fan of this channel
you probably would really like her
channel um
i would if you're a guy understand just
ignore the the makeup stuff
i mean it's it's a very very small
fraction of what she does
um i would yeah
it's it's incredible like the amount of
research she puts in and she puts
something out about once a week
um and it's really good stuff i i'm
dying to know how she does her research
um that's probably not
like i i imagine people were talking
about
i imagine this question was probably
about political people um
i i'd like to talk to cody i i think
that that would be a fun conversation
um but yeah
i'm more i'm more interested in knowing
how she does her research
uh jennifer r thank you jacob rowalski
thank you
what do you think about the boat parades
and trump's support this weekend
i i think it's
a good analogy uh jonathan jackson oh
oh no no i want to see where
y'all agree i think it's be productive
y'all speak in different ways
reach a lot more people oh you're
talking about bosch yeah
i know there there's
i've had questions about whether or not
i think some of the language he uses
whether or not it's appropriate
it's not language i would use um it's
not language i really condone using
at the same time if
if it's stupid and it works it's not
stupid i
and i know people who will say yeah
i was alright alt light and then i
started listening to him
and i'm not this is what brought me back
to
to sanity reinforcing a negative concept
to get somebody away from a much worse
concept
i again it's not a tactic i would use
but i i can't condemn it if it works you
know
like it's not to me it's not ideal
it is not ideal but if it works it works
um
so i mean i understand he gets a lot of
heat for some of the stuff that he does
and i think that some of it
is is deserved on some levels
at the same time if it's effective and
he's willing
to take the heat i mean it is what it is
i don't
uh thank you ac thank you carl shoemaker
i can't tolerate intolerance vexing cat
thank you
was in civil air patrol as a teen in the
80s is this still a good suggestion for
youth
i don't know i don't know um
i'll be honest i don't even know it
still exists i
i'm familiar with it they had one and i
actually think i went to a couple of
meetings when i was a kid
um didn't really take but
i mean learning to fly learning about
aeronautics is it's good um
so i'm but i'm not familiar with the
organization much anymore
so thank you susie pierce cochran
cocking court kane yeah thank you susie
thank you vincent i bow love your
content i live in belgium
eu the eu us relationship has been hurt
a lot do you think that special
relationship will be restored
we are at our best when united i do
um i think that
i think that will be a primary concern
of biden's foreign policy
when looking at some of the people that
he's tapped if he wins
if he doesn't know i think it's going to
get a whole lot worse
and i think we will probably see a
switch to where the eu
starts looking more towards uh russia
for for support
which is not ideal but
uh thank you yusuf why should we support
the kurds
isn't it a bad idea to support any group
wanting regime change
in syria the last thing the middle east
needs is regime change
okay so i've got a giant video on this
where i break
all of this down um i'm going to be
incredibly presumptuous and go
based off your name that you've got a
a pretty
a pretty good grasp on the situation
imagine just the krg
okay just that area in iraq as
a kurdish state it's already autonomous
it's already kurdish imagine that
becoming a kurdish state
do you think it would stabilize the
surrounding areas where kurds are
or do you think it would make it worse
probably stabilize it there's no reason
fighting if they have a homeland of
their own
and i think it would be a stabilizing
force
now aside from that i'm biased
incredibly biased on this topic
because the the the kurdish people
were a very strong supporter of
a lot of my friends um and so
i i definitely have a bias i'm one of
those people who
didn't like trump but this was like
this was something that really bothered
me um
now when you're talking about why this
impacted the military the way it did
these people were allies
they worked with them daily for years um
and then they just got dropped they got
sold out
so that's that's why it had the impact
it did
uh thank you tinaj your thoughts
on the video of the yeah
okay so
being bagged i'm probably going to do a
video on that um
in depth the daniel prude case um
yeah i'm going to wait to do the whole
video um
no there's definitely reason to be in
the streets over that one
we'll just leave it there to start with
um
there's if you haven't watched it i
actually don't recommend you do
but understand a common tactic that has
been widely
said is problematic caused a problem
and wound up appears to wound up
causing a severe issue but yeah i'll
probably end up doing a video on that
see your bits thank you bits
thank you for sharing your sunday
evening with us solidarity will get us
through
thank you ac what do you think of
the usa sanctioning icc prosecutors
investigating war crimes
wow i just lost all of that oh no
okay um
that's uh
so the the u.s has always pretended that
it was exempt from icc
from the international criminal court um
and at some point over the last few
years
we've just completely started ignoring
it
and now we're actively opposing it in a
lot of ways
and hampering it it's not a good thing
the it's not legal
it's there's
it's all bad it's all bad that we are
pushing back against the icc the way we
are um
and using our foreign policy in that
manner
let's see
there we go okay let's found where we're
at now
uh chris field sir you do you truly do
get it you are invited to the barbecue
thank you
fake president real news vote thank you
yousef why should anyone who hates i
support the military the military kills
man kills and tortures
i've got a glitch going on in my phone
and i keep losing the questions
um
let's see it's probably gonna go to
kills and tortures more people
causes more harm than ice so
i don't get how one should be abolished
and one should be honored
um so what you're dealing with now
is the
the ideas of what occurs overseas
versus what occurs at home it's the
united states people
who are overseas are viewed as lesser it
is
i mean that's that's the reason you have
that difference
um there are a whole lot of people who
are under the abolish
ice umbrella who are definitely under
the
we don't need our troops anywhere else
in the world
um we need a defensive military only
who also believe that i don't think that
this is an either or
i think there are a lot of people who
will support the military
but not support ice because it's
happening
at home and they view war as separate
from law enforcement
and i think there are a lot of people
who are familiar with war who believe
that refugees should be treated well
so even if they support the military
they will oppose ice
otis b what happens after it's past the
tipping point
at the end of it hopefully
acknowledgement change
and end to what should have never been
only solution now
i wish i knew what that was in reference
to i mean
that's generally the uh
that's generally the outcome of pretty
much every tipping point is what you
would hope
anyway mel m
thank you hello 1814 is the atlantic
report
true um i'd almost certainly
i definitely think that it is the um
it's been confirmed through a lot of
different ways using anonymous sources
and just so everybody knows an anonymous
source doesn't mean that the journalist
doesn't know who they are and that it
hasn't been confirmed
by the editor it just means they're not
releasing the name um
and it's been it's
it's been confirmed through a lot of
things it's completely in character
for president trump to have said
something like that so i i believe that
it's
accurate um rachel smith what are your
thoughts on prison abolition
uh i think that we could probably
i would say suggest that i don't know 90
of people in custody right now
would have a better outcome if they were
going through a different
form of system we still have
a a society that leans heavily towards
violence
that doesn't have a lot of the safety
net that would be required for that
other 10 percent
so i i don't know that we're at the
point toward
where prison abolition could happen
tomorrow but it's definitely something
that we could work to
towards and we could build towards and i
think that there's a whole lot
a very large a very large portion of the
prison population could be released
tomorrow
without incident if we had the other
safety nets
in place um so it's definitely something
that
that's possible we just have to work to
achieve it
pauline c thank you thank you bo the
trans community does love you
thank you matthew werner thank you
bo you talked about civil war in the
past with what i'm seeing in this
country i'm starting to think it
will be inevitable i don't think it's
inevitable
i think the more people push the
extremes and push that rhetoric
i think it becomes more and more likely
otisb
metaphorically before i just thought of
how that could come across yeah
thank you yeah
i was having a question on how to answer
that
uh chris fields do you think that an
ideal theory of wealth is maintained
by having a victim in accordance
to the beginning of the u.s white
national mess
i don't think so i don't think it has to
be that way
if i'm understanding the question i
don't think it has to be that way
um
texas moon runner i love your life
please run for president of the united
states of america
uh thank you thank you james hickman i'm
interested in your thoughts on the
cooperative model
of business and employment as is often
spoke by dr richard wolff
which is a name that people drop to me a
lot that i haven't looked into very much
to be honest i know that's horrible
because i hear her this name
all the time
but uh
a cooperative model of business and
employment
um i'm not familiar with exactly what
that means
um in reference wolf but
generally speaking there's
room for competition and cooperation at
the exact same time
what makes the market successful is
generally
competition however
the the competition is to be first
cooperation can occur at other levels
and benefit the consumer and benefit
everybody
i think one of my i think one of the
reasons that i don't get into
economics very much is because my
general belief
is that the profit motivator
should be removed from from most of
society
so when it comes to economics my
my general beliefs are contrary to what
is
incredibly popular and what is generally
expected to be talked about when you
talk about economics
uh thank you patrick litke
is there an easy access centralized
source of military manuals
yes anchor anchor not anchor uh
archive.org
also speaking of the rule urban split
how do you prefer to talk to urban
liberals about guns
um i don't i don't try to convince
people to
to own
if if they aren't
ready for it um and they don't want to
i don't think they should um
i'm not an advocate for everybody to own
a gun
i'm an advocate for if you choose to you
should be able to
i've got a whole series on this you know
let's talk about guns gun control and
blah blah blah
and that's how i talk about it
thank you alderman gomez
thank you dim studios will you make a
video
on the five nations
uh yeah i think i can probably do that
chris peace thank you how long before
aoc runs for president
it's not old enough yet i think it'll
happen
i think it'll happen yes as in cody
shouty
i wasn't really uh specific when i said
that
but yeah i i definitely believe his uh
his level of sarcasm and
i think that would be an entertaining
conversation
um
see sharkoff2814
you mean the bible doesn't do unto
others in the front line
no i'm pretty sure that's not in there
i've looked i've read it once or twice i
didn't see anything like that
voices and espanol how many t-shirts do
you own and have you ever worn the same
t-shirt twice i have worn the same
t-shirts twice and i have no idea how
many
i have um and now that it's become a
thing
like i actively look for ones that i can
use
it's growing it's growing pretty
pretty quickly
let's see okay beth s
thank you
do you think that rule 303 applies to
no no i do not think that applies to
kyle's
um actions um
i'm gonna
i've been trying not to feed into that
particular topic
because of how hot it got for a moment
and it was so very close to one of those
incidents that can occur during a
security clampdown that takes everything
to the next level
um i do not believe
that his actions were justified um
and i think that that's gonna eventually
play out and be shown
but yeah i i
the general concept there is
at least when i say it is not
uh is not to make matters worse
it's it's to make them better uh
so tracy king thank you
dave rollins thank you so many questions
but why are they closing down stars and
stripes
uh because the president's budget didn't
have the money for it in it
that's going to change they're not going
to allow that to go through
my guess is somebody in the pentagon
didn't want to point it out and just
wrote the memo and now it's going to be
overturned it's good
that would be political like that would
be the end
if trump does that and actually scraps
stars and stripes
he's intentionally trying to lose
um which is a theory some people have
put forth because they don't
want to uh people think that he doesn't
want to uh
people think that he doesn't want to
clean up his own mess is what it boils
down to
keith davies war sucks i sucks but we
are trained to dehumanize it works well
yeah silver knight thank you
one of my closest friends is a
vietnamese refugees and i'm terrified
for him and his family at the moment
they went through
just to get through this yeah um
i am hoping that
when the pendulum swings back we're
going to be in a better place
but we're definitely in a dark time in
the united states
and i don't know if we're going to get
out of it in just a few months
it may be four more years of this and it
may get even worse
um jeremy white thank you for all you do
we may not always agree but you are the
only person i listen to daily so there's
that thank you
and i i would imagine that most people
we can't agree on everything
um thank you violet
thank you bill gates
do you think health care should be a
service
like the post office military et cetera
i i think that it should be universal i
believe that everybody should have
access to health care how it is done
there's a bunch of different theories
on whether it should be privatized with
caps whether it should be
privatized and subsidized whether it
should be nationalized
whether it should be a
a u.s government corporation like the
post office
whether like there's a whole bunch of
different theories
i will uh i'll go with whatever z
dog says if you watch him on youtube
seems to be one of the more informed
people about reforming healthcare
um so
my thing is everybody has access and
whatever
method is best to achieving that is the
one that i'd get behind
thank you brad franks let's talk about
media literacy spotting fake news and
persuasion methods
thanks bo okay
i can try to work that in i could try to
bring that up
sean burgess thank you do you think
trump would
have would have been able to get this
far without fox news
no no i do not they're driven by
clickbait culture by sensationalism and
he provided
that got the headlines got the name
recognition
and got the votes now i do not think
that he would
be where he is without that um
we have to work to combat sensationalism
that's that's the key element there uh
ricky the great thank you
thank you for answering all my questions
what do you think
about the view of
youville harry's view of working-class
irrelevance rather than exploitation
what happens when
the people lose their leverage they
typically reobtain it through violent
means
um that's why it's it's
it's not good that we are where we are
when you're talking about income
inequality and the amount of political
power that is possessed by the average
person and all of this it's not good it
parallels the french revolution
um and that's yeah
that we definitely we're either going to
have to take a few steps back or we're
going to have to go through something
really bad
matthew nicodemus thank you
how do i send you a thank you card case
of beer
i have a p.o box i just got it and i'm
gonna put it out everywhere so
people can get it because oddly enough
people want to send me
booze and t-shirts which are
two things i'm happy to accept so
uh bad pirate monkey tom burton posted
an awesome song yesterday
i haven't actually listened to it yet
but i talked to him yesterday
he really does have some good stuff
keith davies if you're trans and wanting
a safe place
for firearms training if you get here
i'll teach you for free
my buddies want you safe
isaac hempseed any thoughts on david
graber in his work
no not really
um i don't
when i read something i often just take
the the ideas that are presented in it
and they get
blurred with everybody else's and i try
to synthesize and come up with what's
best out of everything that i've read
and one of my one of my worries is that
i read something
and i've combined it with something else
and i say yeah this person is wrong
because of this and the reality is
that's not something they said and i'm
saying they're wrong over something that
i put with it
or they're right because of this and
that's not what they said i
i read for information rather than
trying to keep the different schools of
thought together
um so uh
that's why i'm really reluctant to
comment on specific people's ideas
because i
i don't want to misrepresent them
um darwinian realism thank you thoughts
on police being armed with military
style weapons
should they be held to the
military-style
rules of engagement with harsher
punishments uh
i don't think that most cops should have
what they have
i think i think people need to remember
that the s
in swat stands for special it's not for
everyday situations
if you're using your swat team every
week then
you're a failure as a chief law
enforcement officer
keith davies i do teach firearms i don't
advocate owning them
no led thank you kimberly m thank you
hey bo you should have heard my brother
when i offered him
allergy filters does your mask have a
pocket for them
voices and espanol bow when you have a
chance please read this article
by lewista george rise as a gop
fundraiser fueled by his employees
otis b the problem with poor
the problem is poor people can't
communicate with the world
and it's out of their hands they're out
of money now
right but we have social media and we
can communicate with each other
um and i mean
it doesn't we don't have the same
leverage
but we have the tools to obtain it
without going full-on you know reign of
terror
which would be nice but
daniel doon what happens with these
donations i'm just curious as to what
it's used for donating anyway
because i listen to you every day okay
so generally
if you've been watching long enough you
know we we buy ppe and medical supplies
we
supply stuff to domestic violence
shelters stuff like that
generally this is where it comes from
we're not a charity
we don't keep track of it in that matter
but normally this is where the money
that is available to do the good stuff
that we do
it normally comes from the live streams
the patreon
tends to fund um channel
improvements and advancements and
getting the message out more which is
what i think
the people who subscribe to patreon will
want done with it
and just so everybody knows come the end
of this month
you will see a large uptick in content
and frequency and a whole bunch of stuff
and that's because we're
finally at the point we have enough
people with patreon
to bring in additional people to
help manage the day-to-day stuff and i
know that it doesn't seem like there
would be a lot
but there really is um
there's a lot of stuff that occurs
behind the scenes running a channel like
this
that i never knew was there until i
started doing it
and it has become quite a hindrance so
now
we have people that will be doing this
and if you're one of those who watch on
facebook
or are always wondering why you know
some videos don't make it it's because i
don't have time to upload them there
we now have somebody who will be doing
that and that's all
from patreon the uh
so all of this stuff gets you it's
it's we're not a charity so it all
blends together into one fund
but it gets used for
various purposes and typically what
the live stream channel money goes to
is normally you know the the
charity stuff the the good work stuff um
but not always and to be honest i don't
really keep track of it that much
um but what i do know is this stuff
the money here these live streams are
what
make it possible to do a lot of the
stuff that we do
as far as the community goes
mike thank you mike any shot
you could do a video covering us flag
code and how it relates
you know what yeah i should definitely
do one i'm gonna have to re-watch this
whole
live stream because there's a whole
bunch of ideas in here i should
definitely do one on the flag code
um
rachel smith thank you have you seen the
fifth column network
on discord i haven't i haven't been in
there i know that's
probably horrible but i haven't i
haven't been in there
let's see thank you bite
bo you're doing extremely critical work
i have worked with guys like you
and i don't ever have to wonder where
you stand keep fighting
thank you lauren russell
pink uh thank you
just thank you for what you do but we
appreciate it uh
rocketeer bo what do you think the
october surprise will be
thank you for providing my sanity
i think that with
i i think with trump it will be
something along the lines of what we
just saw
another scandal like that and i think
trump will probably trot out some
sexual allegation against biden
i think that's probably where it will go
but you never know
there could be there's always dirt or
trump could go the other way with it
and you know invade some country um
to try to get that rally around the
leader bump in the polls
we don't know
see dog says some really good stuff
uh keith davies one more pint for you
bo thank you
anything you can recommend for adult
literacy that i struggle with
johnny walton um
i would okay so you
obviously have some some
some functional understanding um what i
would suggest is not looking for
books specifically to help with your
literacy i i would
look for books that you're interested in
reading
and and work through it that way
so not so much skills based because if
you have a practical
understanding just reading will help
even if it takes a while even if it's if
even if it's a struggle
um if you struggle through it you'll
you'll
you'll come out the other side of each
book with wider vocabulary with better
understanding with
with more ease so once you have
a base knowledge i would function focus
on reading stuff that you're interested
in
dim studios thank you i'm 20 now when i
was 15 to 17 i was suicidal i've managed
and handled my depression great for
years
i didn't want to own guns for that
reason but
i don't know if it's responsible given
my past
um yeah i don't know
i still don't know
um i think it would it that's something
you're gonna have to consider very
very very carefully and if there is
doubt there is no doubt
if you're worried about it i wouldn't
get one
um so
um if you have a place where you can
like if
you feel like you might need one for
some emergency scenario
like where everything goes bad there's
nothing
saying you can't get it and store it
somewhere completely safe out of your
immediate range
um you know a store with a a family
member
who won't give it to you if you're in a
bad way
i know a lot of vets who took their
collections
and gave them to somebody else and put
them in a safe so they didn't have
access to them
wow these questions they got all serious
all of a sudden
peter bills thank you um
what's kinda wrong
was kyle wrong for putting out a
dumpster fire being pushed towards a gas
station
thanks for your perspective on
everything you've covered so far
i don't know what this means i don't
know if that's literal
or figurative um
manatee thank you
ricky the great eat the wretch
g quincy 90. if trump wins re-election
do you think his supporters will finally
see his con when his first term policies
take shape yeah
and i think that's why there are a whole
lot of republicans who are kind of like
man i hope he doesn't win
because all of his economic policies all
of his foreign policy it's all going to
come home
during his second term if he wins
reelection and it's not going to be
pretty
um and it's going to be really bad for
the u.s because he's not going to want
to change course because he has a real
problem with admitting that he's wrong
uh thank you ac direct communication
between us commoners that you provide
with your
presence on this platform is essential
for the social change
i and i believe most people desire in
the future thank you that is one of the
main reasons i do it to be honest
uh thank you taj ha
marlow marlowe bye sorry
i'm sure i butchered that i apologize
thank you for articulating
a lot of my feelings on a lot of things
better than i can you're a good being
i've heard that in a while
i watch one of your videos where you
said it would have been
something for everyone to be mad about i
wasn't mad
um thank you sally mclaughlin
thank you cheryl
thank you steven brown please get the
next few months right
the canadians are shifting uncomfortably
yes
we are too thank you dalai lama
keith david ingrid dm me on twitter
at keith timber
thank you regina m
thank you lydia fortner
thank you anthony m
i think we need a bread to burn news
network of sorts controlling the
narrative on a much larger scale could
be an incredibly powerful tool
it could be but getting the
personalities
of bread tube
as a whole to cooperate on
much it's going to be hard
thank you dem studios thoughts on woody
guthrie love them
john warr thank you i love your channel
maybe do
maybe one day do a q a with someone like
me
a black man to get a lot of things
explained in a way that only a black
person could
bill gates uh get a t-shirt on me keith
davies all right what's your favorite
beer uh i drink stouts i tend to
like guinness type drinks um
other than that i don't i don't care
uh i drink i drink whiskey more than
anything
um and i have preferences but
i i don't i generally like
anything that isn't just absolutely
horrible
kimmy harris thank you
meow anderson thank you
thanks so much bo it's great to hear
some functional logic
live from a stranger otis b thank you
when you're honestly broke all most
people need is a phone
kenneth thompson hey bo are you still
planning to talk
doing let's really talk about videos yes
okay so those were
kind of a test to see if people were
interested in longer format
uh content and obviously yeah
so we will be doing it a lot of this a
lot of the stuff that's coming will
eventually lead to a second channel
with a whole lot more produced content
that isn't just me
talking in the shop which is definitely
not going away
that's something i really enjoy doing
it's something that is kind of the basis
of this
but i think there's some things that
could be much uh
they could be a whole lot better if they
were produced
um the whole idea we were gonna do the
tour with the community networking stuff
and help people build them
the day i did the video on blair
mountain
we were literally going to be on blair
to film it and that was
that was going to kind of be one of the
first ones we were doing like that
but that's something that's coming but
you know kovid kind of stopped
that from happening um
let's see jess mcdermott uh would you
consider
helping with a basic platform for
someone running
for a local position like city council
absolutely and i think most of the
people
on this channel would too they i mean
uh bad power monkey things got heavy
want me to
want my dog to do some thoughtful comedy
yes um
let's see goddess elas
thank you for your videos on gun control
i had a recognized relationship between
the planned gun control measures and
people control
jagganok thank you
funk thank you
shelby schroeder thank you lf thank you
jeremy white thank you does harris
record scare you as much as it does me
she has a very strong authoritarian
streak that does worry me
um yeah um that that is a main concern
for me
but i don't know how much it's going to
matter oh and to be clear we are
definitely
not stopping the the videos in the shop
it's just stuff in addition to it
and yes i'll do more mexi collabs
cottage reads thank you thanks for your
content what's your take on people who
say
they have left the left i don't even
know what that means
you suddenly realize that the glories of
capitalism
i i don't i don't really know what that
means
um when people say that um
kkr malinka thank you
what are your thoughts on the events
unfolding in the republic of belarus
i think when when there's an
authoritarian leader
that it is disliked by a large
percentage of the population that's what
you get
um and i don't see it
going away um i see actions like that
as more leaders move further right and
become more authoritarian
you're gonna have more resistance like
that on a more frequent level
and yeah i do think there are some
comparisons between there and here
cool granddaddy sweets thank you
i lost three army buddies to politics
waking not woke so having a hard time
dealing with
my old one-for-one mentally
when it comes about yeah um what can i
do or please
so a lot of yeah this is something that
happens
when you're going through this and
you're you're reevaluating your
positions
and you are moving in a direction
that stops that that some of your former
peers
cannot follow you in you are going to
lose more of them
before you start gaining um
more in your social circle because
they will actively their presence will
keep those other people away
and they will end up
they will end up stopping you from
continuing your revolution so it's not a
bad thing
that you end up losing a couple of these
guys as
as you move forward you're going to it's
part of it
um thank you dem studios thoughts on
legalization affecting cartel military
yeah
absolutely if if we ended prohibition
here in the u.s
we would cut off the revenue stream for
the cartels
that that's going to happen um we would
either force them into legitimate
business
which would be fine um or
they just go out of business more than
likely would be
just like uh the u.s organized crime
and they would they would see a massive
decline without the
without that trade the same way alcohol
prohibition ended
or lessened the effects of u.s
organized crime
darwin darwin darwinian realism
here's for the ppe also do you think
people understand that cops
aren't actually supposed to kill no i've
realized people do not get this
cops aren't supposed to kill guilty
people either like there's this whole
due process thing that's supposed to go
on
and i've realized the u.s we have a real
problem with this idea because we've
seen too many movies and the good guy
or the bad guy always dies at the end
um thank you alec what are your thoughts
on
other forms of self-defense besides
firearms which
whether that's your personal community
thank you for your work um i think
anything
that anything that that helps that makes
you feel better
my dogs have lost their mind they're
over there fighting i'm not really
fighting but
um they're playing
anything that makes you feel better
anything that makes you feel more
effective if you don't want to carry a
firearm
if you want to carry pepper spray or a
baton or whatever
yeah learn how to use it
there are things that are more effective
but that doesn't mean that the other
ones are bad or useless
vintage games only thank you bc
fine thank you
martial the faithful how should
civilians talk to veterans
same way they do everybody else don't
try to relate if you're talking about a
combat vet
don't don't try to relate to combat
because it doesn't matter
how close whatever it is you can relate
it to is
it's not the same and it's going to be
very off-putting to them
let them relate it to something you know
eventually it will happen
headless chicken thank you been watching
for a long time a buddy of mine
introduced me to your channel last year
keith davies thank you
okay all right so we have made it
through all of those
all right and my phone and everything is
going to die here in
a matter of seconds and when that
happens i really can't do this anymore
because this is how i read the questions
um shelby schroeder thank you
what about dogs for personal protection
dogs are good for areas
um unless you have a very well-trained
dog
one of my dogs is uh incredibly well
trained the other one not so much
one i could take somewhere with me and
still be an asset the other one
no he he's just going to handle the yard
and it's definitely a matter of
it's definitely a matter of how well
trained they are
let's see can you please do this
regularly yes yes this is going to
become a
a regular thing if at least once a month
i'm hoping to do once every other week
but we'll see
all right
angry i thought about let's talk about
food
somebody just wants to see me dance in
the kitchen um
yeah we we we can talk about that at
some point if trump loses how likely do
you think the marines will have to
remove him
i don't i don't think that's well i
don't know i don't know the man's nuts i
have no idea what he's going to do
um
anyway okay guys so that's going to be
it for the day
it was two hours long um thanks for
tuning in
um and we will just uh
i guess we'll see you again soon it's
just a thought y'all have a
y'all have a good day